Smokey the Bear, Smokey the Bear Hello there, folks.
This is Smokey, the forest fire-preventing bear.
Those singing friends of mine, the sons of the pioneers, have a song for you.
But first, how about joining us on a little visit to a big star?
Today, it's that wonderful fella everybody loves, Walter Brennan.
Hello, Mr. Brennan.
Hello yourself there, young fella.
Say, you look a lot like that talking bear folks call Smokey.
He wears those blue jeans and that ranger's hat there, too.
You can't be, though.
Smokey Bear's got no reason to come visiting me.
Why, I'm one of the carefulest fellas in the world when it comes to smoking or using fire of any kind in the woods or near them.
You might not guess at the look at me, but I own some timber.
And I've seen what happens when someone lets fires get out.
I've seen how wildfire can kill the little trees.
Why, they just don't have a chance.
And how it can kill the damaged big trees, too, and destroy the homes of the wild things, like the birds and the squirrels and the like.
Yes, sir, I know what wildfire can do, and if I catch anyone around my woods not being careful with fire, why, I'll... Say, who are you, anyway, and what's your business with me?
You better speak up, son, because I've got to be heading down the canyon.
I am Smokey Bear, Mr. Brennan.
I came visiting just to thank you for being one of the carefullest fellers in the world.
How about letting the sons of the pioneers here go riding down the canyon with you?
chores are over at our ranch house on the plains and all I've got to do is lay around
I saddle up my pony and go riding down the trail to watch the desert sun go down.
Riding
Down the canyon to watch the sun go down A picture that no artist e'er could paint Ooh, white-faced Cataloan on the mountainside
I hear a coyote whining for its mane.
Cactus plants are blooming.
Sagebrush everywhere.
Granite spires are standing all alone.
It's heaven to be riding down the trail when the desert sun goes down.
Well, that's it for now, folks.
Thanks a lot for spending this time with us.
You know, it's your own State Forestry Department, along with the Forest Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, and this station you're listening to that make these get-togethers possible.
Until we say hello there again and pay another little visit to another big star, this is Smokey and his pals, the Sons of the Pioneers, asking you to always remember...
Only you can prevent forest and woods fires.
Smokey the Bear, Smokey the Bear, prowling and a-growling and a-sit in the air.
He can find a fire before it starts to flame.
That's why they call him Smokey, that was how he got his name.
Thank you.